feat(red): default user - MTA-3596 (#2060)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-databases/redis/api-cli/managing-username-and-password.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Managing the default user's username and password
  description: Learn more about the default user's username and password for Managed Database for Redis™
content:
  h1: Managing the default user's username and password
  paragraph: Learn more about the default user's username and password for Managed Database for Redis™
tags: databases user redis username password
categories:
  - managed-databases
  - redis
---

> When you create a Redis™ Database Instance, a single, default database user is a created with [set permissions](/managed-databases/redis/reference-content/default-user-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a Redis™ Database Instance, you have to specify a user. It will be created with [set permissions](/managed-databases/redis/reference-content/default-user-permissions).
```

> You can specify a name for this user when you create a Database Instance via the Scaleway API or the CLI. This allows you to ensure the username is compatible with different software integrations where specific usernames are not supported.

Reviewer: Actually, you can specify the user_name in the console at the cluster creation. What is not possible is to update it after all in the console. Then you have to use the CLI or the API.

Author: ```suggestion
You can specify a name for this user when you create a Database Instance. This allows you to ensure the username is compatible with different software integrations where specific usernames are not supported.
```

tags: databases user redis username password
categories:
  - managed-databases
  - redis
---

When you create a Redis™ Database Instance, you have to specify a user. It will be created with [set permissions](/managed-databases/redis/reference-content/default-user-permissions).

You can specify a name for this user when you create a Database Instance. This allows you to ensure the username is compatible with different software integrations where specific usernames are not supported.

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have generated your [API key](/identity-and-access-management/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/)
  - You have downloaded and installed the [Scaleway CLI v2](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli#scaleway-cli-v2)
  - You have [configured your environment variables](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli/blob/master/docs/commands/config.md) (optional)
</Message>

## Specifying a name for a user

Follow the [create a Database Instance](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/managed-database-redis/#quickstart) procedure.

<Message type="tip">

> You can also define a username when you [Create a Redis™ Database Instance](/how-to/create-a-database-for-redis) via the Scaleway console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also define a username when you [create a Redis™ Database Instance](/how-to/create-a-database-for-redis) via the Scaleway console.
```
